from two to six years old boys and girls
they learn how to walk down the street and
they start to ride a bicycle
so that they move safely and
healthy
Below are some
recommendations teach them to cross
always by safe places steps of
pedestrians or regulated by traffic light
looking before on both sides and without running
walk and move safely forever
inside the sidewalk without running
away from the curb and paying attention
to the exits of the garages if the child
or girl is under 6 years old should go
the hand of an adult person
Teach them not to play around or behind
of vehicles or in the garages to cross
at least three meters in front of a
car and get away as soon as they get in
dangerous march backwards due to
his height the boys and girls more
small ones become invisible to
driver especially if they are very close
or behind
Teach them to leave bicycles
scooters or toys off the driveway
and play in suitable places for it
so it's gardens not on the sidewalk
nor in the road even if it is little
busy
when a ball invades the road
it can be the prelude to an outrage
since a child can appear
then to recover it use
reflective materials on the bicycle
Children's chair backpack clothes to go to
school
it is advisable to make ourselves visible with
reflective whether we are pedestrians
as if we are cyclists especially
when the visibility is low the helmet
correctly fastened to mount in
skateboard or ski bike reduces between
45 and 75% trauma
cranial